README.md, before:

# Profiles

Yuu Konno  
Systems Engineer | Japan

Hello, I'm Yuu. Born in 1984, I work as a systems engineer in Japan. My primary tools are C# and .NET, and I thrive on leveraging my skills across diverse projects. I enjoy exploring new technologies, with recent forays into AI and cloud technologies. Outside of work, my hobbies include cooking and building PCs.

---

Website: [ateliers.dev (https://ateliers.dev/)](https://ateliers.dev/)  
Visit my website to check out my technical portfolio and projects. I'd love for you to drop by!

---

Technical Skills:

* Programming Languages: C# (.NET Core, ASP.NET, WPF, Blazor, MAUI)
* Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
* Cloud: Prefer Azure but have experience with both Azure and AWS
* AI Technologies: Recently exploring OpenAI's GPT, DALL-E, and GitHub Copilot
* Development Practices: Domain-Driven Design (DDD), Test-Driven Development (TDD), CI/CD, Agile, MVC, MVVM

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: Improving workplace software design.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: C#, GitHub Actions, CI/CD Practices.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: OSS Development.
- 📫 How to reach me: Mail => [yuu.developer@gmail.com](mailto:yuu.developer@gmail.com)
- 📫 How to reach me: X (Twitter) => [yuu_developer](https://twitter.com/yuu_developer)

---

- 🔧 i like to factory games:
  - ⭐Factorio, Substructure, The Riftbreaker
  - Satisfactory, Desynced
  - Shapez, Modulus

---

<!--
**yuu-git/yuu-git** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Expand README with thoughts on creation
Added a section on the philosophy of creation.

README.md, after:

# Profiles

Yuu Konno  
Systems Engineer | Japan

Hello, I'm Yuu. Born in 1984, I work as a systems engineer in Japan. My primary tools are C# and .NET, and I thrive on leveraging my skills across diverse projects. I enjoy exploring new technologies, with recent forays into AI and cloud technologies. Outside of work, my hobbies include cooking and building PCs.

---

Website: [ateliers.dev (https://ateliers.dev/)](https://ateliers.dev/)  
Visit my website to check out my technical portfolio and projects. I'd love for you to drop by!

---

Technical Skills:

* Programming Languages: C# (.NET Core, ASP.NET, WPF, Blazor, MAUI)
* Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
* Cloud: Prefer Azure but have experience with both Azure and AWS
* AI Technologies: Recently exploring OpenAI's GPT, DALL-E, and GitHub Copilot
* Development Practices: Domain-Driven Design (DDD), Test-Driven Development (TDD), CI/CD, Agile, MVC, MVVM

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: Improving workplace software design.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: C#, GitHub Actions, CI/CD Practices.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: OSS Development.
- 📫 How to reach me: Mail => [yuu.developer@gmail.com](mailto:yuu.developer@gmail.com)
- 📫 How to reach me: X (Twitter) => [yuu_developer](https://twitter.com/yuu_developer)

---

What it means to create—

To make something convenient.
To make it accessible to anyone.
To make it simple.

To be there... always thinking of someone's safety.
To deliver security that reaches the heart... to be of use.

Even if they never realize how it works...
Creating with this in mind.
Creating with deep thought about what technology should be.

This is how it must be.

---

- 🔧 i like to factory games:
  - ⭐Factorio, Substructure, The Riftbreaker
  - Satisfactory, Desynced
  - Shapez, Modulus

---

<!--
**yuu-git/yuu-git** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
